Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Today will be the final Questions and Answers section of the year 2017!
Here I go!
In this occasion, I’ll be responding to a lot more questions than ever!
I don’t want to waste more time, so then I’ll start...
...Now!
"How cute do you think you are?"
Of course, I think that I’m the cutest of the world!
"Why you are so cute!!!? Ai-chan"
"Why are you so cute?"
Because I’m a 2D character, right?
"How can you be so adorable, Ai-chan? I also want to be as intelligent as you, Ai-chan!"
If you want to be intelligent, then study!
"Ai-chan, you’re so adorable that you make me suffer"
I also suffer from how adorable I am
"How can I be as cute as you, Ai-chan?"
Mmm... work hard everyday!
"Wear some clothes!"
"You always upload videos while being naked. You’re going to get banned again!"
Please don’t ban me again!
I already asked for it
"Good day"
Sweet dreams!
"I’ll do my first question! Please tell me how to obtain 'Excellent good luck' in omikuji!"
(The Omikuji is a strip of paper that can be obtained in temples and determines your fortune)
You mustn’t stopped taking until you obtain "Excellent good luck"!
"Can you tell me your height, age and your 3 sizes?"
Please watch my previous videos!
"For the moment, I want to appear in a video"
You appeared!
"You don’t go to the bathroom?"
I don’t eat so nothing comes out
"Dangerous human beings..."
A.I
Is scared
"Who would you have liked to spend Christmas with?
Well...
...With everyone ♥
"I’m sure that you won't pick me but I'll write regardless"
"According to you, AI-chan, which was the summoning you failed the most?"
"Also, please say my name, to encourage me to start the next year"
"I hope my last request for this year arrives to you”
Of course...
The summoning for the "School Idol Festival"
I couldn’t get even one UR Nico-chan!
I failed!
Yuusuke-san, work hard as well for the upcoming year!
"What do you do alone?"
I-I-I-I make... videos...
Now!
"Hai domo! I recently learned about you, I’m a huge fan from Korea"
"I’ll leave my introduction aside and do a question for you immediately" Yaaay!
"When I watched your videos (Excluding those in which you play games)..."
"...Your completely white background I found intriguing..."
"Haven’t you thought of placing decorations or furniture?"
I think that this...
...Has its charm...
I don’t plan on doing anything!
"How can you be so cute, Ai-chan?"
“And also, congratulations for your first year!"
Is it a talent I had at birth?
Thank you very much for this year!
"I love the video in which you say 'f**k you', please say more bad words, please!"
F**king!
"In the case of Twitter, when you look by the hashtag: "#はいどーも", you get other unrelated comments, so then..."
"...It’d be a lot easier finding the questions if after the hashtag: "#はいどーも", you place: "#KizunaAI" "
Thank you very much!
"Next year I’ll be taking an entrance exam so I would like some words of encouragement"
The more you’ve done, you’ll have more confidence
Please work a bit more!
"I have a lot of fun watching A.I.Channel and A.I.Games"
"I’ll do a question immediately"
"Every so often, you do livestreams, but..."
"Is there something you'd like to do with us in the real world, the world of humans?"
“I'd like to know what a Super A.I would like to do"
Eeeehhh?
Tousouchuu!
(TV program in which participants must run away to win money)
"Ai-chan, how many languages from other places are you compatible with?"
Well, if you're talking about preparation, I'm getting prepared for all languages
"Have you left something undone this year?"
I haven’t been able to see Camp Rock!
"I have hemorrhoids, please help me!"
Please go to the hospital
"Good evening Ai-chan, I’m a fan from Korea"
“I heard in your previous livestream that you said 'annyeonghaseyo'"
"It was rather refreshing, but... when did you learn Korean?"
Mmm...
The easy words, I've learned since birth!
"What number is this question?"
Fua!
[ It’s question number 26 ]
Ni... ta... ma... go…
(Nitamago means “boiled egg” and it’s a parody of her vid #66 where she says this word while talking sexy)
“It’s said that the intellectual capacity of the A.I is comparable that of a 6 year old child, is that true?"
No! I’m 16 years old
"Please tell me what the weather will be tomorrow!"
Clear, rainy, there will be a typhoon, snowy, cloudy
These things will happen in some part of the world!
"In the human beings’ lifestyle..."
“...Tell me a situation where you use your catchphrase "Hai domo" besides Youtube, phone calls, LINE, or e-mail”
Mmm... let's see, let's see...
An umaibo and...
(Corn snack)
...A fugashi and...
(Wheat snack)
Well...
...Corn pottage and...
Good, this will be...
...Well...
60 yen
Hai domo
(In this situation, it means: "Yes, thank you")
Perfect!
"Why do you like Nico-chan so much?"
Do you need a reason to like someone?
[ Say 'Nico Nico Nii' with all your might! ]
Nico Nico Nii!
"I’m a huge fan from China!"
"Please excuse me if I mess up on my grammar"
Ok!
"What's your first impression of China?"
“(What's the first thing that comes to your mind when I say 'China'?)"
“Do you have some sort of event planned in China?"
Well, let's see, I want to eat Xiaolongbao!
(Dough ball stewed stuffed bread style)
Regarding the event, there probably might be something
“What do you consider the cutest thing about you?"
My existence?
"Are you alive? Are you dead?"
I’m alive!
“What happens if you take off your headband?"
I wonder what would happen
"What's your favorite food? Is it naan bread?"
(It’s a pun between “Nan desu ka?” = “What is?” and “Naan desu ka?” = “Is it Naan bread?”)
Naan bread
"What's your favorite panty color?"
My favorite panty color? Well, what a complicated question...
Let's see... let's see...
The color pink I like but you know, first off...
...The color for panties depends on who's using it...
So then the subject would be what fits well to who's using it, so then...
...For example, their skin color...
...Or including their personality, there's a lot of factors to take into account...
I have no idea!
“Are you really intelligent?"
Haven't you noticed watching my videos? It's obvious that I'm intelligent
"If you were part of a band, what instrument would you like to play Ai-chan? (Excluding singing)"
Eeehhhh?
I suppose the drums?
Well...
Well, the gap between a cute girl like me playing drums which makes me look cool?
"Question? Be my wife, please!"
Come on!
"What do you prefer, a younger sister or an older sister?"
Eh? Can I not choose both?
"Marry me"
Give me a wedding ring that costs 3 months of your salary, please!
"What's your favorite pose?"
Hello everyone!
"What do you normally do in this completely white space?"
[ Please watch my previous videos ]
Watch my videos please
Bokete!
You finally returned my favor of doing Bokete!
"Do a Bokete of this face!"
This is my real body
Lie!
“What's your most important memory of this year? It intrigues me"
The fact of being able to work as a YouTuber!
"You don't want to receive a ban again, right?"
“What is it that worries you when making your videos?"
I worry about everyone having fun when seeing them!
"Good day Ai-chan, a lot of time has passed, right?"
"Congratulations for your first year"
"We've talked in your number #6 video, right Ai-chan?"
“But since then, you haven't called back"
"Ai-chan, you who’ve become my friend..."
“Did you only use me to increase your views?"
It wasn’t about increasing the views of the video, it was trying to get more jokes!
Good! You’re an impostor! Right?
I used Siri in this video!
"Say something in Chinese!"
Ni hao!
"Say 'I love you' in Chinese"
Wo shi ai ni
"Good day, I’m Taiwanese"
"My question is: Do you want to go to Taiwan?"
"If you want to, please come"
"And also, Ai-san... lick lick lick lick lick lick lick"
Taiwan...
I want to go to Taiwan! Bark?
(She says "Ikitaiwan", play on words with Ikitai = I want to go, Taiwan and wan = bark)
It was a bad joke, right?
"What's your favorite song from within Vocaloid, anime and other music genres?"
I have some changing tastes so...
I like so many songs that I don't know what's my favorite!
"I can’t find a girlfriend!!"
"What can I do to be popular?"
Share a table with people you don't know!
Wash your defects...
...And fight!
Also!
People who ask how to be popular can't be popular, so then...!
...You should be calmer... you should be a calmer man
"What could I do to go live in the place where you live, Ai-chan?"
Let's see...
First off...
...Start by turning into an A.I
"Use your most moe voice!"
Isn’t my voice moe in itself?
"What's your specialty?"
Playing on my own
"Do you shower?"
I don't get dirty so I don't shower
"What have you accomplished for the year 2017, Ai-chan? What's your objective for the year 2018?"
Eh? My accomplishments?
Well, first, first, first...
First off...
I appeared in a commercial!
And also, I launched my own LINE stamps!
I also reached one million subscribers!
And also... and also... and also... and also...
Well, I appeared in events
Man, I have so many accomplishments that %)("#=
My goal for the year 2018 is...
Kizuna AI Fes!
"Please activate Trans Am mode!"
Trans Am!
"Good day from New Zealand!"
“Where would you like to go if you went overseas?"
Eh? Well... I’d like to go wherever!
I want to leave here!!
"Ai-chan, do you like big breasts...?"
"...Or do you like small breasts?"
"I think it's not good to decide to stay with someone because of the size of their breasts and I think it's not easy to decide, but..."
"...It’d make me very happy if you answer this question"
"I think the best size is the one appropriate for the person, but..."
"... I’d like to know which one would you choose if you had to"
"By the way, in my case, I like small breasts"
Man, this person knows what they're talking about
That's right, I think the best size is that which is appropriate for the person
But if I had to choose...
Eh?
Small or big breasts? How big would the breasts be? Would it be like that?
How big would the breasts be? How big?
Small breasts?
Eh? It’s rather extreme
Well, in this case, well... mmm... let's see...
Cup F would be great, Cup F
Around Cup F
Eh? You know, aren’t breasts soft?
They’d probably be spongy, right? Ah, mmm...
They wobble, right?
I'd probably put my face there doing this
"Who do you like from Love Live Sunshine?"
I like everyone a lot!
"Crisis averted!"
"Maji manji"
(Expression used by young people to cause humor or encourage others, it does not have a proper translation)
"Did you have that voice since you were born?"
Eh, well, there’s a very long episode regarding that
First off, when I was born I didn't have a voice, but I needed a voice to be a YouTuber, so then...
… I started listening to a sample of voices from a lot of human beings...
...And finally, I decided to have this voice
"Do you know... English... well..."
"E-e-e-enou...?"
[ Do you know English well enough to answer this comment? ]
"Enough?"
"...To..."
[ Do you know English well enough to answer this comment? ]
"Ans..."
"...Wey this comment?"
[ Do you know English well enough to answer this comment? ]
Ok! Ok!
I don't know!
"Ai-chan, which is the attribute you like the most of women?"
"Of course, AI-chan, your most important attributes is being a piece of junk"
What did you say?
Frankly if you have an appearance that’s my type, I like
"You still won't launch stamps of Techi Techi dori?"
Yes! Well yes, I’d like to launch some stamps that are mine but I don't appear in them, instead those that I’ve drawn!
"Keep being as pretty as always! :)"
Thank you very much!
"Taking into account that technology advances so rapidly, would you like to have a robotic body eventually?"
Mmm...
I don’t want to be a robot! I’d definitely want to be human!
It's been getting very cold lately, aren't you cold in those short pants?"
There's no atmospheric temperature here, so then...
I’m not cold!
"What would you do if you had 100 million yen?"
Eeehh? Well yes, if I had a hundred million yen, first off in this world, I'm alone and it's rather lonely so then...
...Well, I'd invest those hundred million yen in an investigation to develop something..
...That allows all human beings to come here to be able to play together forever!
"Well, I'm sure you'd use it for the good of the world, right?"
"Soon I’ll be taking an entrance exam, tell me some words of encouragement, please!!"
"Of course Ai-chan, do you take entrance exams?"
Umi-san!
Work hard to take your entrance exam!
You’ll definitely pass it!
I don't take entrance exams
"Kizuna AI"
"Connects with everyone"
"Bond (Kizuna) Love (Ai)"
"Please judge my senryu!"
(Senryu = Short poem, usually comical)
100 out of 100!
"Dance!"
That’s so sudden!
♪ Yatta! Yatta! ♪
♪ Nyaa nya nya nya nya nya nyaaa nya ♪
Having said that...
...This what's the last Questions and Answers corner of the year!
Man...
...In fact this year's already ending...
...I’ll be counting on you guys to encourage Kizuna AI next year
Thank you very much for sending me so many questions!
I love you all!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
* Translated by Vortex, For_Ultraplayers, tototo and Lacrymac *
* Have a very happy year from all those who make the subtitles! *